- Oh, my God.
- Harley, no.
[mournful music]
[gunshot]
- Letting her go
to boarding school
was the right thing.
You haven't taken
a single vacation
since I met you.
- How 'bout the Bahamas?
♪
- Is he dead?
- I'm so sorry.
- [crying]
♪
- How's that?
- Perfect.
[both laugh]
- You look beautiful.
Also nervous,
but I came prepared for that.
Tequila shots?
Take the edge off?
- Oh, yeah.
[both laugh]
[knock at door]
- Hi.
- Wrong room.
Groom and best men
are down the hall.
- I'm here for Eden.
[door clicks shut]
It's me.
It's Erik.
- Erik?
What happened to your face?
- Do you like it?
It's definitely...different.
- Is this guy a wedding guest?
- [stuttering]
I'm here for you.
For us.
Look, I know it's last-minute,
but I just got a surgery,
and it's only just healed.
That's why I look different.
But I'm here now.
[uneasy music]
♪
Marry me instead.
- [laughs]
[both laugh]
- Did Susan put you up to this?
- [laughs]
- And seriously,
what's going on with your face?
Is that some kind
of weird makeup?
- Oh, oh, my gosh.
I'm sorry.
Look, I'm flattered...
- Stop.
- And I'm sorry if I gave you
the wrong impression.
- Just shut up!
It's not funny!
I didn't realize
you were such a bitch.
- Okay, I think it's time
for you to go.
- You're just
a lying, manipulative slut,
like all the rest of them.
[foreboding music]
[door slams]
- Wow, didn't have that
on my bingo card.
Are you okay?
- Yeah.
- Should we call the cops?
- No, he's always been weird
and obsessed with me.
But...
he's harmless.
[Felix Mendelssohn's
"Wedding March"]
- Presenting
Mr. and Mrs. Reid Dalry.
[cheers and applause]
♪
[music darkens]
[gunshots]
[screaming]
- Drop it!
- Erik!
[tense music]
[screams]
[gunshots]
No!
- Let's go.
- No! No!
Erik, no!
- You're coming with me!
Let go!
[sobbing] No, no.
Let me--
Let go.
[guests screaming]
[tires squealing]
[tense music]
♪
[dramatic music]
- I know that this is hard,
and we all miss him.
But the bureau has
a grief counselor on call
if anybody needs to talk.
Only if you want to.
Although I will say,
I spent an hour with her
this weekend,
and I did feel better.
- Are you bringing in
someone new to run the team?
- We know that no one
can replace Jess, but yes.
CID is looking at people.
You guys are
the elite fugitive squad,
with a great reputation.
They already had
a dozen résumés
before they even put out
the specialty transfer notice.
- So when's that happening?
- As soon as we can get
everybody vetted.
- So you gonna tell us
what's in that file?
- Case just came in.
Unidentified white male
shot up a wedding party
in Rhode Island,
killing three people,
and then
he kidnapped the bride.
I know this only happened
a week ago,
so I need you guys to tell me
if this is too soon.
I can hand it off
to the marshals.
- We're good.
- If you get out there
and you are preoccupied
or tentative--
- Like Kristin said,
we're good.
- Okay.
- Isobel.
Please tell Jubal and the team
thanks
for being at the service.
It meant a lot.
- Absolutely.
[soft music]
♪
- Brief in the car?
- Save time that way.
- I can drive.
- Let's go.
♪
[siren wails in the distance]
- So he forced his way
in the room with Eden
before the ceremony?
- I wouldn't say forced.
He just came in.
And the next thing I knew,
he's on a knee,
proposing to Eden.
- She never told you about him
before?
- No, she just said
that he was a guy
who was obsessed with her.
God, if I'd just called
the cops
like I wanted to...
- It's okay.
You couldn't have known.
Sounds like Eden
didn't even know.
- [sighs]
- Thank you, Callie.
[siren wails in the distance]
- Providence PD put out
a missing persons alert
for Eden Cunningham.
Fugitive is driving
a silver Toyota Camry.
- [laughs] It's the most
popular car in America.
- He could be hiding
in plain sight.
- What about her cell phone?
- It was still in the church.
- Victims are groom, best man,
and father of the bride.
- Anyone recognize
the attacker?
- No.
- Eden and Reid lived
in Astoria, and they worked
at a CrossFit gym together.
- Yeah,
this was a destination wedding.
Suspect could've known her
from Astoria,
then crossed state lines
to follow her here.
- What about security cameras
on the church, nearby houses?
- No, but the videographer
caught this.
I ran it through facial rec.
- [screaming]
- I didn't get any hits.
- Drop it!
- No, Erik, no!
- You're coming with me!
- Let go!
- Well,
we got a first name at least.
Erik.
- He shot the groom first,
and he shot him three times.
- Yeah, but the rest
of the shots seem wild, random.
- Erik wanted Reid dead.
Seems like everyone else
was collateral damage.
- Eden said Erik was obsessed
with her.
Think we're looking
at a stalker?
- Maybe.
She didn't tell anyone
about him.
- He might go to Eden's gym.
You wanna check it out?
- Good idea.
Could be where it all started.
- Thank you.
♪
- It was a small wedding.
She's one of my best friends,
and I didn't even get
an invite.
They wanted to keep it
pandemic-safe.
- Is it possible Eden was
seeing someone else?
- Like on the side?
Hell, no.
She was mad in love with Reid.
- Do you recognize this guy?
- No, sorry.
- His name's Erik.
Eden ever mention anyone
by that name?
- Wait, yes.
He does kind of look like Erik.
What's up with his face?
But yeah, Eden was his trainer.
He used to come here
obsessively,
sometimes twice a day.
He paused his membership
a few months ago, though.
Haven't seen him around
in a while.
- Do you have a file on him?
Uh, registration paperwork,
anything like that?
- Yeah.
- And you're sure
they weren't having a thing?
- Look, Eden was nice to him.
He was a good client.
So she flattered him,
just like we all did,
to keep him coming back.
But she definitely didn't have
anything romantic with him.
- Erik Perwin.
Lives in Long Island.
- Okay, why don't you send
that address
to Kristin and Hana?
I wanna see if anybody else
here knows this guy.
- All right.
- Thank you.
- E--Erik wouldn't have
attacked anyone.
He--he's always been
a quiet boy
and kept to himself.
I mean,
he's never been violent.
- Quiet how?
Was he shy?
A loner?
- All he did was study.
Great grades.
He didn't have any friends,
though.
- We tried sports, clubs,
anything to get him
to socialize.
- Yeah, nothing stuck.
And when he went to NYU,
it was the same thing.
Good grades
because all he did was study.
- What about girlfriends?
Did Erik mention
a woman named Eden?
- Erik never had a girlfriend,
at least not one he mentioned
to us.
- But maybe it's something new.
We haven't seen him
in three months.
- Is that unusual for him?
- Yeah, he would usually come
home to do his laundry.
But lately, he's been saying
how busy he is.
- Okay, this is, of course,
Erik, and this is Eden.
She was his personal trainer.
He never mentioned her?
Not even as a friend?
- No, I'm sorry, and...
are you saying
that that's Erik?
- Mm-hmm.
- This--this is our son.
This is Erik.
He doesn't look anything like
that guy.
- How long ago was
the photo taken?
- That was
our Fourth of July barbeque,
last summer.
- Do you think his parents are
covering for him?
- Maybe.
But he did look different
in that photo.
- Well, they confirmed
that he paused his membership
three months ago--the same
amount of time
he hasn't seen his parents.
So what happened
three months ago?
- Let's run down
his credit card charges
and insurance records
for the last three months.
Right,
he may have had some kind
of plastic surgery
without telling his parents.
- We figure out why he did
that and kept it a secret.
We might get a motive
on where he's going next.
[tense music]
- I thought you'd like it here.
Come on.
[eerie music]
♪
- [shivering]
- You're shaking.
Are you cold?
Here.
♪
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
And this is where the kids
in high school
used to come to...
you know.
Take it off.
- [whimpers]
Your jacket?
- The ring.
His ring.
Take it off!
[sinister music]
- [crying]
♪
- [sighs]
Put it on.
- Okay.
♪
It doesn't fit.
- Try harder.
- It doesn't fit, Erik.
♪
Why don't you take me to get
it resized?
I know a jeweler--
- Listen, listen to me.
- [gasps]
- You are mine.
- [cries]
- So put it on.
- [grunts]
[screams]
Help!
- Eden!
- Help me!
[suspenseful music]
♪
[gasping]
- All you had
to do was put it on.
- I tried.
- Do I disgust you?
Is that it?
- No.
- Stop lying!
Why do you bitches
constantly lie to me?
- [crying]
- Get up.
- Erik, please.
- I said get up!
♪
- Erik, no!
- Three shots to the chest.
Her dress is torn,
and her underwear
are on the floorboard.
- Can we get a rape kit,
please?
He really wanted to punish her.
There's bruising all around
her knuckles
like he tried to force the ring
on her finger.
- I ran the registration.
It is Erik's car.
His phone was inside, too,
but it was turned off.
That's why
we couldn't track it.
- The question is,
what's he gonna do next?
He eliminated his object
of affection.
He got his target.
- You think
he might be finished?
- I don't know.
What if Eden wasn't
the only woman
he was obsessed with?
You guys checked
his credit card statements,
right?
- Yeah.
He had a charge
three months ago
to a plastic surgeon,
a Dr. Joseph Grossman.
Kristin's on her way
to see him now.
- Here we go.
Erik Perwin.
- Thank you.
What procedure did you perform
on him?
- None.
He came in for a consult,
said he wanted surgery
to fix his face.
He asked about a nose job,
face-lift,
jaw reconstruction,
cheekbone fillers.
- That seems like quite a lot
of work.
- It is,
so I had him do a psych eval.
It was clear he was struggling
with body dysmorphic disorder.
- So this was about him
not liking the way he looked.
- It's a little more
complicated than that.
The DSM-5 classifies it
as a mental illness
involving an obsessive focus
on a perceived flaw
in appearance.
Sometimes the flaw's minor.
Sometimes it's not even there.
But people who have it
can spend most
of their waking hours trying
to fix it.
- Even to the extent
of plastic surgery.
- I told Erik he had
some issues to work out
and that I wouldn't
perform surgery on him
until he got treatment
for his condition.
He got angry,
which isn't too surprising
for an incel.
- Incel as
in "involuntary celibate"?
- Yes.
You're familiar?
- Yeah, I've heard the term,
but what made you think that?
- He used all the slang.
In the incel world,
"Chads" are the ideal men,
and "Staceys" are
the ideal women.
Erik called himself
a "beta male,"
and said, if I could make him
look like a Chad,
he might be able
to date a Stacey.
It's delusional thinking.
- Are these the guys
that choose to be celibate?
- No, they're the guys
who blame women
for the fact
that they're celibate.
- Okay, so incels call
themselves "beta males"
because they feel ugly
and genetically inferior
compared to Chads.
- Yeah.
They hate feminism,
woke culture, anything
that threatens their status
in the world.
And when the accept
that they're incels,
they call it
"taking the red pill."
- Like "The Matrix."
- Yes.
- Okay, betastud.com,
incelmax.net, ragefem.org.
- This is the "manosphere"
where incels thrive.
Traffic has been high
on these sites
in the past year.
- And who uses these?
- Anywhere from your
run-of-the-mill lonely guys
to the guys
into plastic surgery.
Now, what's scary
is how many of these guys
have violent fantasies
towards women.
- Well, yeah,
they see them as trophies,
not people, right?
So they're objects
they can destroy
when the women don't do
what they want.
It seems like Erik's lack
of social skills
and mental illness
started feeding on itself
when he failed to form
relationships with women.
[phone vibrates]
- Oh.
Okay, Erik didn't rape Eden.
Her test came back negative.
- Really?
From what I saw,
it seemed pretty likely.
- Maybe he tried,
couldn't do it,
gets embarrassed or frustrated,
and he shoots her
in a fit of rage.
- Hey, do we know where
he got his gun?
- He bought it six weeks ago
in Jersey,
but he didn't get it until
after a 30-day waiting period.
- And then, two weeks later,
he uses it at Eden's wedding.
So maybe he always planned
on killing her
if she rejected his proposal.
- Okay,
so the wedding was a trigger.
He was in love with her.
She didn't reciprocate,
even after he got
in great shape,
so he must've thought
his face was a problem.
So he went to go
and get plastic surgery
to fix that too.
- At this point,
any woman who's rejected him
is a potential target.
So can we find Erik
on these boards,
see if he's talked
about any others?
- I mean, I can try.
In the meantime,
Dr. Rueben Palomino,
plastic surgeon.
The incels consider him a god.
They say
that he's their savior.
And Palomino's website
very clearly says
that he accepts cash payments.
- Okay.
Think we should go see
this guy?
- It's worth a shot.
- Ortiz and I will stay here
and start digging
into the "manosphere"
to try and find Erik.
- Sounds like fun.
[dark music]
- What's going on?
- Got a 911 call.
Patient threatened the staff
with a gun.
- [sighs]
Oh, great, more cops.
- We're FBI actually.
I'm Agent Gaines.
This is Agent Barnes.
- Good.
A patient attacked Magda
and me.
- He didn't actually hurt us.
He just waved his gun around
and yelled.
- Was this Erik Perwin?
- Yes.
- How long ago?
- I don't know.
Uh, maybe 15 minutes?
- Okay.
Call the precinct
and alert your squad.
This is who we're looking for.
Okay?
- Did Erik say what he wanted?
- A refund.
He said he paid for a new face
and it didn't work,
whatever that means.
I told him no refunds.
You're not happy,
pay for more work.
That's when he freaked out,
and Magda called 911.
And then he stole
some instruments
from my cabinet and ran.
- What'd he take?
- Two scalpels,
hammer, saw bayonet,
and a harvest needle.
- You know how much those cost?
- Look, you're lucky
he didn't hurt you, okay?
He's a fugitive wanted
for four murders.
- Erik Perwin?
- That's right.
- [laughs]
That's gotta be a joke.
- No, it's not.
You know what an incel is?
- Yes, they're some
of my best-paying customers.
- Well, we think he's one.
You do a psych eval on him
before you treated him?
- Well,
that's not really my concern.
- So you had
a patient suffering
from an untreated
mental illness,
and you--you didn't see
that as a concern?
- My patients come to me
for help.
It's not my job
to pass judgment.
- How many other incels have
you performed surgery on
without evaluating them?
I mean, is--is that helping,
or you just like
a good-paying customer?
- Oh, please.
Lemme show you something.
[sighs]
This was Erik before.
He was bothered by his chin,
cheekbones, shape of his nose.
These features made him
unhappy.
You think we can't see
that you cut and color
once a month?
Is that any different?
You should wear sunscreen,
by the way.
This is Erik's ideal
for himself.
He was inspired
by Chance Robbins,
a male model,
popular with the incel crowd
because he looks like
a Michelangelo.
My mission is to help people
find self-love.
Everyone deserves that.
Don't you think?
- I think, if you wanna feel
better about yourself
that's fine.
It's the hurting other people
I've got a problem with.
[tense electronic music]
♪
- There's no way
you're gonna get it in.
- Boom, Kyra again!
- This game is so stupid.
[together] Drink, drink!
Drink, drink, drink, drink.
- Oh!
Whoo.
- Oh, nice job.
Nice job.
- Come on.
- Excuse me.
Who are you?
- Delivery guy.
I got us some more beer.
♪
- Oh, my God.
[tense music]
- You and your buddy,
phones on the table
and get in the closet.
- Bro.
Whatever this is--
- [screams]
- Son of a bitch.
- I'm not your bro.
Get in the closet!
- All right.
Come on, let's go.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's it.
Come on, hurry up.
Thank you.
♪
Tape the door shut.
- Okay.
- Both of you.
- Looks like
a pretty fun party.
♪
Guess you didn't have class
today?
- Please, please.
Please don't kill us.
- [mockingly]
"Please don't kill us."
[laughs]
Your voice sounds ridiculous.
Over here.
In these chairs.
- Why?
♪
- Do you really wanna argue
with me?
[ominous music]
♪
- What do you want with us?
- You got a date with me now.
[both whimpering]
- [indistinct radio chatter]
- We could hear him
through the doorway.
He was wrapping them up
in duct tape.
They were begging
for their life.
And then he started cutting
them.
And the screaming...
It just--
it felt like it was gonna go
on forever.
- Can you tell me,
was this him?
[soft music]
- Yeah, that's him.
♪
Does he go to school here?
- He used to.
- So you've never seen him
before?
- No.
None of us knew him.
- [sighs]
Thank you, J.C.
♪
I know how hard this is.
You remember anything else,
though, you give us a call.
♪
- Thank you.
- He used the tools he stole
from Dr. Palomino on them.
Can't imagine.
- Well, he wanted to make them
look the way he feels.
Just why he chose them
in particular, I don't know.
- So I spoke to the dean.
He gave me Erik's records.
He made the dean's list
and no disciplinary issues.
He was seeing
the school psychologist
a few times in his senior year.
She's on her way
into the office.
- You two wanna go?
We got cameras on the street.
Might be able to tell
which way he went.
Hana and I can do
the canvasses.
- Well, actually,
you can do it.
I think my time would be
better served
going through this list.
- I wasn't trying to give you
an order.
- I'm not saying you were,
but I'm allowed
to express an opinion,
though, right?
- Hana...
- Ivan, it's okay.
She's having a tough time
with Jess gone.
- She's not the only one.
[dark tense music]
♪
- [whispering]
"Incel massacres."
"Which one of you did NYU?"
"Erik Perwin."
[laughs]
♪
"New leader."
Fellow incels,
your new leader here.
Join the uprising.
Take the black pill.
Overthrow
the bitch-ass Staceys.
- Excuse me?
Um, do you mind watching
my stuff?
I gotta run to the bathroom.
♪
- Sure.
- Thanks.
- No problem.
♪
- That sorority is
mostly wealthy girls
from Westchester County
and Connecticut.
They were definitely
on Erik's radar.
- How so?
- He worked part-time
as a math tutor at
the student services building
across the street.
- Was he tutoring the girls?
- He wished, but no.
He said that they wouldn't give
him the time of day.
- So he felt ignored.
- Yes.
I encouraged him to...
go over there
and strike up a conversation,
make some friends.
So he went to one
of their parties,
uninvited,
and they wouldn't let him in.
- Do you think this is revenge?
- I don't know.
- Did he ever express a desire
to hurt these women
or any women?
- I mean, it was clear
that he was frustrated.
But...
I never anticipated something
like this could happen.
♪
I feel terrible,
like maybe
I should've seen the signs.
- Well, we are concerned
about other women
he may have come
in contact with.
Do you know if student services
keeps a record
of the students
he may have tutored?
- Technically,
I'm part of student services,
so let's see.
[foreboding music]
♪
- How's it goin'?
- Finally got a minute.
- Oh, I hear you.
All this stuff
about the variant
shutting down businesses
is crap.
We're booked solid all day.
- Lucky us.
♪
[gunshot]
[screaming outside]
- The hell was that?
[gunshots continue]
- Call 911!
- No, we have to run.
- [screaming]
[gunshots]
- [screams]
Help me block the door!
He's coming our way!
♪
- Hey, you get anything
from the school psychologist?
- Erik was obsessed
with the sorority.
He tried
to meet some girls there,
and all they did was mock him.
- So rejected.
Just like Eden.
- Except he didn't kill
these girls like he did Eden.
The disfigurement's obviously
an escalation.
- And I got a list of students
Erik tutored
while he was at NYU.
Lot of them women.
It's gonna be a slog.
- Well,
you might wanna see this first.
I think I found Erik
on the message boards.
His avatar is Chance Robbins.
- The male model he wanted
to look like.
- Yeah,
and there's a recent post.
- "Fellow incels,
your new leader here.
"Join the uprising.
Take the black pill.
Overthrow the bitch-ass Staceys
of the world."
- Taking the black pill is
a bad thing.
Not only have you accepted
that you're an incel,
but now it's everybody else's
fault, and you seek revenge.
And the uprising is kind
of like an incel call to arms,
activating the sleeper cell.
They all form together
to fight against a society
that has let them down.
They talk about it...
a lot.
- We know where this came from?
- A public library in Hoboken.
I sent Ortiz,
but nobody had seen Erik.
[phone ringing]
Speaking of...
Ivan, you're on speaker.
- You guys hear the scanner?
Shots fired
at a massage parlor
in Jersey City.
Lone gunman, white male,
fled on foot.
- Is this Erik?
- Not sure, but highly likely.
It's only a few miles
from here,
and the word "Staceys" was
smeared
in blood on the wall.
- Okay.
Why don't you send the address
to Kristin and Hana?
I'm gonna get started
on this list.
- Mm-hmm.
[tense music]
- I'm assuming they give
more than massages here.
- The owner says no,
but you do the math.
PD pulled security cam footage.
Erik went from room to room,
shooting the therapists,
but none of the customers.
We have five dead,
two critical.
- Were all the therapists
female?
- Yeah,
he didn't target the men,
just like
at the sorority house.
- That's weird, though.
Incels don't usually target
sex workers.
Apparently, they're the only
women who don't judge them.
- Unless they kicked him out
like the girls at the sorority.
- Maybe.
Take a look at this video.
- That's odd.
He didn't bother hiding
his face before.
Can you go back
to when he came in?
♪
Do me a favor.
Go stand in that doorway
for a sec.
- Yeah.
♪
- How tall are you?
- Six feet.
♪
- Yeah, and Erik's height?
- The same.
- This guy's too short.
This isn't Erik.
- We've got a copycat
on our hands.
[tense music builds]
- Erik Perwin is a visionary.
I did the massage parlor
for him,
for us.
- His name's Jericho Brown.
He posted this
on the incel boards
at 4:00 this morning.
- Dress and compel us to sin.
We have to rid the world
of their temptation.
[unsettling music]
The uprising has begun.
- He doesn't sound much like
an incel,
complaining
about women's clothes,
temptation, sin.
- I think you're right.
He's a freshman
at Sweeney College.
He took a semester off
in the spring.
His parents booked him
into a rehab in Brooklyn.
- Drugs and alcohol?
- Sex addiction.
Some kind
of evangelical therapy.
His parents are Judith
and Glenn Brown.
They live in Newark.
- Well, what's he doing
on these boards
if he's not an incel?
- This is the "manosphere."
It's the home for everyone
who hates women.
- We need to shut
this website down.
- No.
- Are you not seeing this?
If we don't, he's just gonna
inspire more copycats.
- And if we do,
we lose the only lead we have
to our fugitives.
- Hana, that's irresponsible.
We need to call the owner
of the site.
We need to shut this down.
- I already did.
They're removing the video,
but they're not shutting
it down.
They're not giving me access
to the private chat accounts
either.
- Okay, well, then we need
to get a court order.
- Where do you think Ortiz is?
He went to go see
Judge Garcia an hour ago...
while you were sleeping.
- While I was sleeping?
- Yeah,
and I was on night watch
monitoring these boards.
- Hana, there's no such thing
as a night watch.
It's called doing your job.
- Which as the same as yours.
So why do I always get stuck
here and you get to go home?
Is it because I'm the only one
who doesn't have kids?
- No, of course not.
No.
And nobody said you had to be
here every night.
- Hey, guys,
why don't we do this?
You keep monitoring the boards
and working with Ortiz.
Sheryll and I'll split up.
You can cover the rehab clinic.
I'll cover Jericho's parents.
♪
- Fine.
- Hana...
- I said it's fine.
Just go.
I'll be here, doing my job.
♪
- So Jericho Brown is
your roommate?
- We call it
accountability partners.
- What do you keep each other
accountable over?
- We help each other in times
of challenge and temptation.
Whenever I struggle
to keep off websites, I...
I talk to him.
And he guides me
to tranquility.
- Was it pornography
you were addicted to?
- I struggle with lust.
[phone ringing]
We all do here.
- Did Jericho ever express
any...
issues with his addiction
lately?
Jericho killed several people.
We're just trying
to understand why.
Okay?
- Okay.
- Did he ever mention
a massage parlor
in Jersey
called Garden City Spa?
- Jericho's thing was always
massage parlors.
He checked in
because he relapsed recently
and went back to that place.
Last night,
we were in the common area,
and we saw a story of the guy
who attacked
the sorority house in the news.
Jericho got really excited
and took off,
and I didn't see him again
until he was in the news
this morning.
- Do you know where he got
his gun?
- No.
The only thing
Jericho talked about
more than sex was guns.
He was obsessed with them.
- Do you have any idea
where he could be right now?
- No, ma'am.
I'm sorry.
- We haven't heard from Jericho
since we dropped him off
at the rehab clinic.
He was very unhappy
we sent him there.
- Well, if you really think
he needs help,
the best way for him
to get that right now
is to tell me where he is
or where he might go.
- We have no idea.
And there's no help
for him anymore.
- Matthew 26:52.
"All who take the sword
shall perish by the sword."
- He deserves what's coming.
God's will.
- Is that why you checked him
into that facility?
You believed
he deserved punishment?
- Yes.
And they failed him.
- Jericho lacked control
over his impulses.
Lust is a deadly sin,
the punishment for which
is eternity in hell.
- Jericho's soul
was lost long ago.
In its place is a sinful heart
and depraved mind.
♪
That's why he killed
those women.
- Mr. and Mrs. Brown, God
doesn't dole out punishments.
The federal government does.
So I'm gonna need
his cell phone number
and his car registration.
- He doesn't have a car.
[sighs] And his cell phone's
right here.
♪
They're not allowed to have it
in rehab.
- Let me ask you, do you,
uh, know the name Erik Perwin?
- Who?
- He was a student at NYU.
Worked part-time
as a math tutor.
- Oh, that Erik.
Yes.
He helped Jericho
with his SAT prep.
[ominous music]
Such a nice boy.
[ominous music builds]
♪
- "All hail
leader Erik Perwin."
♪
[laughing] "Leader Erik,
take out this Stacey for me."
[notification chimes]
♪
"Did you see my work?"
"Five dead in shooting
at Jersey City Spa."
[notification chimes]
"I joined the uprising
because of you.
Let's get some Staceys."
[laughs]
Nice try, FBI.
Not falling for that.
♪
[notification chimes]
"No, seriously.
It's me, Jericho Brown.
You know me."
Prove it.
♪
[notification chimes]
"What's a math tutor's
"favorite kind of tree...?
Geometry."
♪
If you're serious,
meet me reflecting pool
Madison Square Park.
♪
I have a mission.
- So Jericho wasn't a copycat.
He and Erik actually knew
each other?
- Right.
- I didn't see him on the list
of kids Erik tutored.
- No, 'cause he wasn't
a student at NYU.
They met when Jericho was still
in high school.
- Maybe that's why he was
inspired by Erik.
Even though he's not an incel,
he probably looked up to him.
- Well, at a fundamental level,
they're the same.
This hatred of women.
So Erik hates women
because they don't give him
the attention he wants,
and Jericho hates them
because he was raised
to believe
that they're the cause
of his sin.
- Two entitled men
feel threatened,
so they kill for it.
- Question is,
are they communicating?
We've got his cell phone.
There's nothing on it.
So where are we
with the court order?
- Judge signed it an hour ago,
but we're still waiting.
- Not anymore.
I just got it.
All communications
to Erik's private chat
in the last 72 hours.
It looks like he only responded
to one message.
Oh, man.
- What?
- This is from an hour ago.
Jericho Brown reached out.
- "I joined the uprising
because of you.
Let's get some Staceys.
Can we meet?"
- Erik wasn't sure
it was Jericho.
- Until he proved it.
- See that down at the bottom?
"Meet me at reflecting pool
Madison Square Park.
I have a mission."
- I'll notify NYPD.
- Make sure they have Jericho
and Erik's photos.
[dramatic music]
♪
- All right, here you go,
Sam.
[grunts]
Hey, you guys lost?
You can't be back here.
- Yeah, give us your badges.
Radios and cell phones too.
- What the hell?
- Just do what he says!
♪
- Get in the truck.
- What?
- Just do it!
Hurry up!
♪
- You've not seen this guy,
no?
- All right, thank you.
- All right.
Thank you.
Nothing.
- Me either.
Anything on street cams?
- Nope.
- It's like trying to find
a needle in a haystack.
- Hey, guys.
- It's Fashion Week.
- What's that?
- Supermodels in skimpy clothes
all over the city.
- Yeah, well,
if they're looking for Staceys,
that's
a target-rich environment.
Hey, Hana?
- Yeah, I know.
Okay, March 6th through 17th.
All the events today are taking
place at Breen Design Center.
- That's two blocks from here.
Let's go.
- There's half a dozen shows
happening right now.
I've got press and designers
coming in
from all over the world.
- I don't care.
- You have a vague hunch
that something might happen.
Would you cancel the Super Bowl
on a hunch?
Because, frankly,
canceling Fashion Week is like
canceling the Super Bowl.
- Listen, you need to postpone
all of today's events--
- Darling,
we don't postpone fashion.
- Then we're gonna do it
for you.
In the next 15 minutes,
we'll have federal agents
clearing every catwalk
in this building.
How 'bout that?
- I got something.
That's Chance Robbins.
- Of course it is.
- The model Erik wanted
to look like?
- Yeah, he's walking in a show
right now.
It's live.
- This isn't about the Staceys.
Erik's going after
his number-one Chad.
- Who's Chad?
- Where is the show?
- Upstairs.
Chantilly Studio.
Second floor.
- Thank you.
[percussive music]
♪
[people talking indistinctly]
- Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like that, like that.
[ominous music]
♪
[cheers and applause]
- There he is.
He's coming.
- Like we talked about.
♪
Cover the room.
Hi, Chance.
- Why is crew talking to me
when I'm working?
- Oh, we're gonna do a lot more
than talk.
- What are you talking--?
Oh, my God!
- [screams]
- Get back!
[screaming]
- Everybody, back off!
All you fake-ass bitches,
back against the wall!
- FBI, drop the weapon!
[gunshot]
- [groans]
- Everyone, get down!
- Let him go, Erik.
- Stay back!
- Let him go
and drop the blade!
- I said stay back!
- [grunts]
[suspenseful music]
[screaming]
♪
- Put it down, Erik.
- Stay back.
- Someone shoot this guy.
- I said stay back!
- [groans]
- Any closer and I cut him!
- [struggling]
- Just like I did those girls.
♪
- [grunting]
- [moans]
- Freaking psycho,
I'll kill you, man.
- Chance, get back!
- Huh.
- It's over, Erik.
- No, it's not.
The uprising has just begun.
- Yeah, I don't think so.
♪
Why don't you think about
your friend backstage there?
You wanna end up dead like him?
- Stop!
Stop,
or I'll end this right here!
- I don't want you to do that.
- What do you care?
♪
You're just like the Staceys,
always telling me what to do.
- There's no such thing
as a Stacey, Erik.
I'm a human being.
♪
Okay?
And I'm trying to help you.
♪
- Get back.
- You need help.
All right?
And I can get you that help,
but you're gonna have
to meet me halfway,
so put the blade down.
Come on.
- No.
No.
No one can help me.
♪
Get off me!
- Drop the knife!
Hands behind your back.
Don't move.
[handcuffs clicking]
- [gasps]
[somber music]
♪
- Hey.
Uh, I'm sorry I lashed
out at you this morning.
[music softens]
- It's okay.
- No, it's not.
- [breathes deeply]
I really miss Jess,
and I'm having a hard time
dealing with it.
♪
- I miss him too.
You know, every time we're
in that muster room,
I kept expecting to see him
in there with the honey bear.
- [laughs]
Making his tea.
- Scratching the back
of his neck.
- Barking orders
and profiling our fugitive.
He would've had a field day
with this one, huh?
[laughing]
- Ooh.
Yeah.
[notification chimes]
♪
- Checking on your kids?
- No, uh, Sarah, actually.
I feel so bad for her,
all alone
in that big empty house.
- Oh, my God.
Byron still here?
- Yeah, but, you know,
I just worry about her.
- Me too.
♪
Ortiz and I were talking
about it last night.
We had this idea if you
and Kristin are up for it.
♪
- Oh, my goodness.
You guys,
you did not have to do this.
It's really sweet.
- Does it look that bad?
- No, it looks great.
But it's time for a break.
Come on.
Dinner's ready.
- This looks amazing.
Where did you learn how
to make this?
- YouTube.
[laughs]
- No.
- Byron is such a good sport.
He let me do a low country boil
on shrimp
instead of crawfish.
Didn't say a word
the whole time.
- Nah, you gotta work
with what you got.
Nice thing about
this operation is no dishes.
You just roll up the paper
and straight in the trash.
- Food porn.
You should definitely post
that.
- Yeah, no, it's, uh--
it's for Tali.
She would love something like
this.
- How's she doing?
- Uh, she's better, I think.
She's staying
with her grandparents,
and Louise is there.
I go back up tomorrow.
[soft music]
- Okay, here we go.
Uh...
Jess used to always get mad
at me
'cause I told him
it was bad luck
to toast with water, but, uh--
but he's not here now, so...
[sighs]
Um, thank you for the food.
Thank you for the company.
♪
My son was a very lucky man.
He had a family at home
that loved him
very much...
♪
And one at work that did too.
And for that,
I will be forever grateful.
♪
[sighs]
We miss you, kid.
♪
To Jess.
all: To Jess.
- Thank you, guys.
♪
[dramatic music]
[wolf howls]